=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 6=
Your Highness.
Your Highness, Eunuch Xu has arrived.
(Eunuch Xu, Eunuch to the Emperor
of Tianxuan Kingdom)
Here's the Emperor's verbal command.
During tomorrow's morning court,
you're requested
to enter the palace for an audience.
Your Highness, the Crown Prince fell ill
as soon as he returned to the palace.
He...
He filed a complaint against you,
saying you allowed
a girl to commit violence
and attempted
to murder the Crown Prince.
Please be careful
when you go to the palace tomorrow.
(The Imperial Palace)
Father,
you must seek justice for me!
Stand up and speak.
I can't get up, Father.
My whole body hurts so much, Father.
It's all Prince Jing's fault.
It's the little demon brat he picked up.
She summoned wasps to sting me.
She even colluded with Prince Jing
to swindle my money.
She also...
She...
She's so eerie.
You can tell she's no good, Father.
Your Majesty, when the Crown Prince
returned to his manor,
he was indeed barefoot
with disheveled hair,
wearing nothing but his inner robes.
Yes, Father.
She bullied me so miserably.
She also...
She...
What did you say she did before?
I forgot my lines.
She isn't human, Father.
She's a demon brat descended
to the mortal world.
♪Where she goes east♪
♪The east has bad luck♪
♪Where she goes west♪
♪The west catches a plague♪
♪She opens her mouth♪
♪Disaster arrives♪
♪She raises her hand♪
♪Trouble finds you♪
♪Wherever she stands♪
♪Chickens fly and dogs jump in chaos♪
Oh, Father, she...
Out of lyrics.
Who played that music?
They shall be rewarded.
Crown Prince Uncle, you sang quite well.
You're just a bit out of tune.
Do you want me to teach you?
But I'll have to charge a fee.
You.
- Greetings, Father.
- Greetings, Grandfather.
- Long live Your Majesty.
You may rise.
Is that Prince Jing?
I must be seeing a ghost.
Am I seeing things?
In these past three years, this is
the first time I've seen him at court.
Indeed.
Look at his complexion.
He doesn't look half-dead
like the Crown Prince said.
He truly was the prince
the Emperor valued most.
Even with broken legs,
he still looks radiant.
Father, don't be afraid.
I'm here.
(Ever since Xiao Heng
was injured in the war,)
(he has been depressed.)
(He spent his days locked in his room
drinking and never came out.)
(I thought he was already broken.)
(I didn't expect him
to look like this at court today.)
Prince Jing, you look well.
It is thanks to your blessing, Father.
I don't feel like
it's thanks to my blessing.
I think it's more thanks
to this little girl's blessing.
Yes.
Ever since I adopted this child,
my days have become different.
You're welcome, Father.
I like you very much.
I also like Grandfather very much.
You are people of great fortune
and kind hearts.
This little girl
has a very sweet mouth.
Hm, Father,
don't listen to their pretenses.
It's all an act.
She coaxed me just like this yesterday
and swindled all my things away.
An adult who doesn't keep their word,
asking back
for things given to others...
Crown Prince Uncle, you're so stingy.
You.
Fine, let's just say
I was unlucky yesterday
and fell into your trap.
But Xiao Heng,
taking in this wild girl
of unknown origin on your own
is a disregard for the law
and pollutes the imperial bloodline.
What's more, this girl is a jinx.
A jinx?
They say she's a jinx?
This is quite improper.
Your Majesty,
I have a petition to present.
I have heard
that the Little Princess of
Prince Jing Manor is of unknown origin
and was born ill-omened.
My hometown is in Lin'an City,
and I've heard
the rumors about this girl.
Whatever she says
comes true.
It's eerie.
Exactly, Father, did you hear that?
She's a jinx.
Misfortune follows her
wherever she goes, Father!
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪